ap: `_misskey_makeNotes*Before` (#255)
misskey-dev/misskey-hub-next: content/ns.md

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_requireSigninToViewContents`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_requireSigninToViewContents`

This property is used for `Actor` type object to forbid show one's content when viewer is not signed-in.
This value must be either `true` or `false` if existent.

An implementation should refuse to show their content to align to Misskey's implementation if the value is `true` and the viewer is not signed-in.

This property is not guaranteed to work on older Misskey or non-Misskey implementation.

## `_misskey_makeNotesFollowersOnlyBefore`
(introduced in: https://github.com/misskey-dev/misskey/pull/14814)

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_makeNotesFollowersOnlyBefore`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_makeNotesFollowersOnlyBefore`

This property is used for `Actor` type object to forbid show one's *past* content when viewer is not a follower of author.
This value must be a integer if existent.

Misskey computes that the threshold of the Unix epoch second in the either way:
- If the value is positive, then the value is absolute.

> - If the value is negative, then the value is relative millisecond from the Epoch correspoinding to posted date.

Author: たしかに

> Misskey computes that the threshold of the Unix epoch second in the either way:
> - If the value is positive, then the value is absolute.
> - If the value is negative, then the value is relative millisecond from the Epoch correspoinding to posted date.

Author: ```suggestion
Misskey computes that the threshold of the Unix epoch millisecond in the either way:
- If the value is positive, then the value is interpreted as an absolute Unix epoch millisecond.
- If the value is negative, then the value is relative millisecond compared to posted date. For example, `-86400000` implies targeting a note that has posted before yesterday because a day contains 86400 seconds.
```
